#### 1. Overview

* KIB now automatically removes items dropped from fragile blocks when they are broken.
* [PacketEvents](https://modrinth.com/plugin/packetevents) is now supported to improve client-side rendering when
  restoring fragile blocks. **It is optional but highly recommended.**
* Added `bamboos` as fragile blocks (`BAMBOO` and `BAMBOO_SAPLING`).
* Updated the `corals` fragile block category to add all implementations of `CoralWallFan`.
* Added bStats for plugin metrics.

#### 2. Auto-removal of items dropped from fragile blocks

When fragile blocks are broken, KIB automatically removes items dropped from them. Note that they may be visible for a
few milliseconds before being removed, as one server tick is required to detect them.

However, if you are using PacketEvents, they are not visible at all, as the packets related to fragile block item drops
are canceled.

#### 3. PacketEvents support

If the [PacketEvents](https://modrinth.com/plugin/packetevents) plugin is detected on the server, it will be used to
cancel certain packets events in order to improve client-side visuals and performance. **PacketEvents is optional but
highly recommended for a smoother experience.**

For any fragile block that is restored, KIB uses PacketEvents to:

* Hide break particles.
* Cancel break sounds.
* Hide block item drops (they are automatically deleted by KIB anyway).
* Cancel break animation.

Note that the break animation is not canceled for doors. Interacting with a door would otherwise cause it to appear
half-open if the corresponding packet event was canceled. This is also why fragile doors may flicker.

⚠️ Please also note that this may not always be flawless. The client appears to anticipate some packets from the server,
which can occasionally cause a few fragile blocks to be displayed as broken and restored. In most cases, however, this
does not occur.
